Okay, this concludes the section of the
course on JMS messaging. As you can see,
we covered quite a bit of ground in this
section of the course about JMS
messaging. A number of different message
types there. If you're in a Java to Java
world, it's not uncommon to use these. But
more now, a Java Developers tend to focus
on being interoperable with other
languages. And that's why I focused on
using Jackson and JSON payload. Now,
your messages, this is more of a typical
use especially modern software
development. Because you can talk to
other technologies fairly easily. It's
not uncommon to have bridges that are
gonna be taking that messaging and
sending it off to a completely different
messaging system. So pretty common use case
especially in large enterprises.
That's why I kept this section of the course
focused on more typical use cases of
messaging where you are exchanging a
JSON payload or an XML payload in text
so that you have that interoperability.
Now, you can go into serialize and do
Java specific type messages. That is
where you're in a more closed ecosystem.
But when you go with JSON or XML, it gives
you a much broader audience that can
consume the messages that you're
producing. So, I hope you enjoyed this
section of course. JMS, like I said,
once you get in an enterprise, very
common. It's been around forever. Widely
used, so not uncommon. So, this is happy to
add this content to the course. Because
it is so critical to have at least some
understanding of JMS and being able to
work with JMS messaging when you get
into larger enterprise application
development jobs.